Isn't this a grand view?
Yeah, it's a beautiful city.
It looks kind of empty, though.
I wish I could have shown you
how lively the city was before,
but we have no time.
Let's report to my father first.
Bize, did you bring help?
Wait, did you catch the fever, too?!
F-Father...
I hear that you're going to
save our nation and people.
I guess.
There are so many of them.
Shea, let's begin.
Asura.
Tidal Wave.
I can't believe it.
This should last for the time being.
I wish I could do that once more!
Me too!
Alright, what's next?
Hajime?
It's nothing. I just felt like
my demon eye sensed something.
Duke, what areas did your
investigative team check?
They checked the oasis, the
rivers coming off of it,
and the underground reservoir.
They haven't made it to the
bottom of the oasis yet.
Is there some kind of artifact
at the bottom of the oasis?
We use a few artifacts to secure the oasis,
but they're stored above ground.
What else could it be, then?
Wh-What?!
It's quicker than I thought.
Hey, hey, hey!
What are you doing, Hajime-dono?!
This thing is tough.
Maybe fifty more will do the trick!
Don't do it!
What is that?
What in the world is that monster?
Is it a Bachulum?
It doesn't matter.
This is what's polluting your water.
It probably has a unique
magic that releases toxins.
That would certainly make sense,
but can you defeat it?
Yeah, I've got it.
Is it over?
The oasis isn't giving me
a mana reaction anymore.
I don't know if fixing the source
equals purifying the water, though.
How is it?
It's still contaminated.
Don't be so down.
We can get as much fresh water as needed.
Let's get the old oasis back
while it's still within reach.
Yeah, Tio is right.
What was that monster, though?
Did a new species come in
through the underground water?
It's probably the work of the demons.
The demons?!
You must have some basis
for saying that, right?
Kind of.
We did our own investigating,
but we never considered that they
could use a monster like that.
We were unprepared.
Let me thank you on behalf
of the nation and people.
You have saved our nation.
Go on, thank me.
Just make sure not to forget this huge debt.
Do your best.
Yeah!
Let's go!
Everyone, listen!
Hajime-kun!
Hajime-san!
The source of the pollution
has been eliminated.
It will take time, but we
can get our oasis back.
Also, we have a store of water now.
It will last us until help arrives.
Best of all, these gold-rank adventurers
have agreed to bring us stillstone
from the Grand Gruen Volcano.
Just a few more days!
Stay strong, and we'll get
through this together!
I'll stay behind and look after the patients.
Please bring the stillstone soon.
Sorry.
Well, it's in our way.
I'll take good care of Myu-chan.
Yep, thanks.
What?
I'll do my best, so please
don't get hurt out there.
I'll be waiting.
O-Okay...
Papa.
Are you going to kiss Kaori-oneechan
like you kissed Yue-oneechan earlier?
You did that?!
Oh, you were watching.
I wanna kiss Papa too!
Wait until you get older.
Aw...
What's the meaning of this, I wonder?
You were all out doing work, right?
So why were you kissing Yue?
Why would that happen?
Was there a need for that?
I see you were having fun,
and not thinking of me.
It was tasty.
I-I'll be going, Myu.
Be a good girl while I'm gone.
Okay!
So hot.
I'm gonna be a roasted rabbit.
Hm, this is a moderate temperature for me.
It is a shame I cannot
suffer the heat, though.
I'll knock you into some magma later.
So this is the entrance.
Let's go.
Yeah.
Yes!
Yes.
What's with this place?
That's stillstone, right?
Yes, it certainly is, master.
It's tiny.
There are only pebbles of it.
Somebody else took it first.
We'll have to go deeper than
anyone has before to get enough.
Nobody's gone past this
point and come back alive.
Be careful.
Spatial Severance.
Want to fight?
Let me do it, Hajime-san!
Oh, you want to test that out?
Alright!
I'm gonna get you!
Hajime-san, this new feature
is really powerful.
So I see.
I didn't know how well the magical
shock converter would work,
but that's not bad.
This is huge.
Imagine finding this here.
We can help the people of Ankaji
with all this stillstone.
Yeah.
All that's left is to conquer this labyrinth.
It's so hot...
Shea, it's only hot because
you think it's hot.
It's just a flowing river.
See, it's so cool.
Master, I believe Yue is broken.
It must be nice to feel fine right now.
Let's take a break.
Yue, make some ice for us.
This heat is going to screw with our heads.
Got it.
Ahh, so cool!
I feel better now!
You can relax, but at
least wipe off your sweat.
You'll move slower if you get too cold.
Got it.
You seem to be doing alright.
Not as well as you.
This heat is killing me.
I should have brought some cooling artifacts.
Hm, if even you are affected,
then that must be the
concept of this labyrinth.
Concept?
Yes.
The labyrinths are trials
to face the gods, correct?
That's why I think each of
them has its own concept.
For example, in the Great Orcus Labyrinth,
one faces off against a variety
of monsters to gain experience.
The Reisen Gorge forces you to respond to
a variety of attacks without using magic.
And the Grand Gruen Volcano
is testing our ability
to face surprise attacks while having
our focus impaired by the heat.
That makes sense.
I hadn't really thought about it,
but I guess if these are trials, that
makes them the Liberators' teachings...
Clean me up, Hajime.
I didn't know this ride was here.
Hajime-san, it's another tunnel.
By my calculations, we should
be near the volcano's base.
There may be something there.
Yeah.
Hold on!
Volitation.
It looks like the gem is buried.
Including the ones we can't see,
there must be a hundred enemies from here on.
Is that where the Liberator is hiding?
That would make sense based on the depth,
but that would mean...
Shouldn't there be a final guardian?
It looks like we took a shortcut
by crossing the magma river.
Do you think maybe we already passed it?
Leave this to me!
Spatial Severance.
Yue, I'm checking that island out.
Cover me.
Is that a magical rock?
Man, this is such a hassle.
Hajime, are you okay?
Yeah, I'm fine.
It looks like our real opponent is here.
That island really is our final stop.
It's telling us to defeat
it if we want to pass.
But it regenerated just now.
Can we defeat it?
It's probably the same kind of
monster as the Bachulum from Ankaji.
Yeah.
There should be a stone core somewhere
in it controlling the magma.
My demon eye can't see its
position through the magma...
I'll just have to crush it.
I'm not using ordinary bullets anymore.
Don't even think about it.
I see, so we can defeat it like that.
Yeah.
We should get started as well.
Obsidian.
Take that!
What is this?
I know I crushed its core.
Was defeating all ten not the goal?
Hajime-san!
Isn't that stone cracked?
That makes eleven stones broken.
That's the same number as
the snakes we defeated.
I see.
There are as many snakes as there are gems.
That means the objective is
to defeat one hundred of them.
We have to fight a hundred
of them in this heat.
That matches this labyrinth's concept.
In that case, there's only one thing to do!
This will be my first one-shot in a while.
Savor the taste!
That puts me in the lead!
Master, if I defeat the most,
I want a reward from you!
No fair, Tio-san!
I'll join the contest!
What are those two doing?
In that case, I want an all day
date, with just the two of us.
Draconic Thunder!
Yue-san is our biggest enemy!
Yue is just glitched.
That's not normal.
Since they're not regenerating,
these must be the last five.
Yeah.
Leave these two to me.
Time to conquer the Grand Gruen Volcano!
This is the end!
Hajime!
Next time, "Black and White."